Explain web3 and why Filecoin needs it (#337)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/introduction/what-is-filecoin.md

If you are new to Filecoin or to the web3 space, welcome! We think you will enjoy getting to learn about some of the core concepts that make [IPFS](https://ipfs.io), [Filecoin](https://filecoin.io), [Powergate](https://github.com/textileio/powergate), and other technologies possible as well as how to use them in your projects and applications.

> Web3 or Web 3.0 is turning centralized apps into decentralized protocols. Essentially instead of having a single point of control, it removes the middle man reducing the risk of censorship by big corporations and Distributed Denial of Services (DDoS). It is a trustless infrastructure that allows users to have ownership and control over their data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web3 is a movement within software development that is turning centralized applications into _decentralized_ protocols. Instead of having a single point of control, applications built on web3 architecture can remove the _middle-man,_ reducing the risk of censorship by big corporations and services vulnerability to denial-of-service attacks. Web3 is a _trustless_ infrastructure that allows users to have ownership and reclaim control over their data.
```
